04_ToDoApp/README.md, before:

# Info App

This is an informational app designed to introduce students to Xcode and setting up screens within a storyboard file.

- - - -
## Key Lessons
Within this section, key points to keep in mind to recreate this application.

### Segues
Segues are used to create a transition between view controllers. 
Segues are created within the storyboard file with higher level segue management through code.

To create a segue: 
1. Select the button which will trigger the action for the transition
2. Hold down the Ctrl button 
3. While still holding down the Ctrl button drag from the button to the desired transition controller
4. Release the Ctrl button and the `Manual Segue` Menu will pop up.	

From here, the type of segue to create can be selected from the menu. 

🎉 Yay, you did. 🎉
To confirm this, you will see an arrow pop up from the button's controller to the desired transition controller. 

## Extensions
Extensions are refactors and additional features students can implement should time allow.
Extension topics which will be covered in further detail during the week will be given a summary and redirection link.

### Custom Controller Class
Once storyboard objects need to be connected to code a custom controller class will need to be created.
Custom controller classes allow a tailored in-sync storyboard screen to controller code flow, adding more functionality to the objects and app flow.

Interface Builder Outlets and Actions are covered in futher detail on Day 03

Commit message:

add core data and app delegate notes

04_ToDoApp/README.md, after:

# To Do App

This is a to do list  app designed to introduce students to Table Views and Core Data.

- - - -
## Key Lessons
Within this section, key points to keep in mind to recreate this application.

### Core Data 
Core Data is Apple's framework for managing the model layer of your application.<br>
Core Data is powerful for allowing app to persistently store data. Regardless of whether the app is wiped out or the device is restarted, data saved with Core Data can be retrieved.<br><br> 

To enable Core Data, select the `Use Core Data` checkbox when creating your application

#### App Delegate
In using Core Data we start to dive into the App Delegate.<br>
The App Delegate is the middle manager between the device and the application.<br>
The App Delegate is what lets your app know whether the app is about to get stopped, just got clicked, etc. Managing the relay of information of the device interaction with the overall app.

#### Retrieving and Saving Data
1. Create an Entity within the .xcmodel file
2. Switch over to your controller's .swift file you can `import CoreData` into your file and then handle the saving and fetching of your data
3. Access your AppDelegate's persistentContainer viewContext property and setting it to a context constant which will be used for fetch
```
let context = (UIApplication.shared.delegate as! AppDelegate).persistentContainer.viewContext
```
4. For Retrieving
	* call the fetch method on the context and pass into the function a fetchRequest on the model you want to retrieve data from
5. For Saving
	* create a new model instance, passing in the context into the parameter of the Task
	* setting values to the model's attributes
	* save the context on your delegate
```
(UIApplication.shared.delegate as! AppDelegate).saveContext()
```
